docs: address #469 subgraph PR feedback (#542)
FilOzone/dealbot: docs/release-subgraph.md

## Notes

- Dealbot's backend consumes the subgraph at a `prod`-tagged URL (e.g. `.../dealbot-mainnet/prod/gn`). Re-tagging is what actually promotes a new version to production (no backend redeploy required).
- This checklist assumes a **backward-compatible** change. For a breaking change see [Breaking changes](#breaking-changes) at the bottom.

## 1. Define the new version

```bash
NEW_RELEASE_VERSION="X.Y.Z"   # no v prefix — used as the Goldsky version segment
CURRENT_VERSION="X.Y.Z"       # version currently tagged as `prod` (will be replaced)
```

- [ ] Version strings agreed and set
- [ ] Bump follows semver: additive → minor, fix → patch, breaking → major

## 2. Create a GitHub release

```bash
gh release create "subgraph-v$NEW_RELEASE_VERSION" \
  --title "subgraph v$NEW_RELEASE_VERSION" \
  --generate-notes
```

- [ ] GitHub release created with tag `subgraph-vX.Y.Z`

The `subgraph-` prefix disambiguates from backend / web releases, which are tagged on the same repo by release-please.

## 3. Build and publish the subgraph

> > **Note:** Tag-triggered CI for subgraph deploys is not wired up yet — for now every release uses the manual fallback. Tracked as follow-up; target is to match [filecoin-pay-explorer's `deploy.yml`](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-pay-explorer/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy.yml).

Reviewer: Where is the followup? Lets just link to that issue.

Author: Follow up is in #573, linked that issue in https://github.com/FilOzone/dealbot/pull/487/changes/cd0c5106fd95a07b8b327591ed52e79b102d2b78

The following commands need to be run in the `apps/subgraph` directory and require the `goldsky` CLI authenticated via a `GOLDSKY_API_KEY`.

```bash

> export VERSION=0.3.0   # no v prefix; used as the Goldsky version segment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export VERSION=X.Y.Z   # no v prefix; used as the Goldsky version segment
```

If someone copy/pastes, I don't want them to accidentally use a valid looking string.

Author: Done in https://github.com/FilOzone/dealbot/pull/487/changes/cd0c5106fd95a07b8b327591ed52e79b102d2b78

pnpm build:calibration
pnpm deploy:calibration

pnpm build:mainnet
pnpm deploy:mainnet
```

- [ ] `dealbot-calibration/$NEW_RELEASE_VERSION` deployed
- [ ] `dealbot-mainnet/$NEW_RELEASE_VERSION` deployed

## 4. Await subgraph indexing

- [ ] Received confirmation email that `dealbot-calibration` finished indexing
- [ ] Received confirmation email that `dealbot-mainnet` finished indexing

## 5. Smoke-test the candidate in staging

Point dealbot staging at the new versioned URL. The cleanest way is via a `staging` tag so the staging backend's config can stay stable:

```bash

> for network in mainnet calibration; do

Reviewer: nit: here and below in the in the checklist but I expect to see calibration listed before mainnet because the default promotion flow is from calibration to mainnet. It might just be weird but it reads weird for me to see us modifying a mainnet value before calibration.

Author: Done in https://github.com/FilOzone/dealbot/pull/487/changes/cd0c5106fd95a07b8b327591ed52e79b102d2b78
